Number three, To-Car, is coming after her,
along with Jewel Spinel on the inside of
the track and Divinity on the outside!
The Japanese Derby!
There's less than 200 meters to go!
They're speeding up so much...
Dia-chan, go for it!
Win this, Dia.
You'll secure the first Satono G1 victory!
And now To-Car is closing the gap!
The battle for the top is a dead heat
between number eight, Satono Diamond,
and number three, To-Car, on the inside!
It looks like To-Car might
have a slight edge.
But Satono Diamond is gradually closing
the gap, like she's being pulled forward!
It's Satono Diamond versus To-Car!
Satono Diamond and To-Car!
And they cross the goal together!
Was the winner To-Car, or number eight, Satono
Diamond?! They seemed just about tied!
And number one, Divinity, was slightly
behind them in third place.
It looks like...
To-Car has won!
First
To-Car
Tokyo
Japanese Derby
Second
Satono Diamond
The winner in the end is number 3, To-Car.
I did it!
This battle ended with a photo finish!
Number eight, Satono Diamond, put up a
great fight but came a step short!
Dia-chan...
It looks like the horse girl that has
taken the spotlight of this generation
is To-Car!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 5
\hProving Oneself
I'm sorry, Dia-chan.
If your horseshoe hadn't broken,
you definitely would've won.
You shouldn't get into "what ifs"
when it comes to competition.
But...
It was only an eight centimeter difference.
The Satono jinx...
Something like "Satono horse
girls can't win G1 races," right?
I don't like admitting it, but it's
easy to see where it comes from.
In my case...
And then in this year's
Satsukishou, with Dia...
It's like God is actually trying
to keep us from winning.
It's all right.
I'm going to prove that jinx wrong...
when I win the Kikkashou.
Dia-chan...
A heart that never gives in,
and a will that's unbreakable...
Dia-chan really is amazing.
Okay, my turn!
That was your best time yet, Kita-chan!
Really?! All right!
Your speed and stamina have
both leveled up nicely.
It seems your training has borne fruit.
Yeah.
After the Spring Tennoushou,
that's two G1 victories,
and your running is a lot more confident now.
You might end up the star
of your generation, Kitasan.
Who, me?!
Let's keep your momentum going and
bring home the Takarazuka Kinen!
R-Right!
The Takarazuka Kinen is my specialty,
and since she's my apprentice,
this should be an easy win.
Since when are you Kitasan's master?!
What happens if she starts being
awful at entering the gate?!
Where you headed, Kitasan?
I'm gonna head out for my road work!
She already ran so much,
but is still going...
She seriously has no bottom to her stamina.
Yeah.
She made it over the wall after all.
That's right.
After the Spring Tennoushou
is the Takarazuka Kinen....
I wonder how my running is doing.
Hello!
How are you?
Excuse me, could you direct
me to the Hanshin Racecourse?
Okay, okay!
Okay, okay...
Here!
It's this way, then?
Bye!
Thank you ever so much.
Have I gotten any stronger?
I think I might have!
The monster who was sidelined with
distal tibial fractures in both legs
will resurface this spring, and will
soon return to domestic G1 races.
We've got Duramente-san, coming off a race
where she made her aims for
the Takarazuka Kinen clear,
along with Air Groove-san, a veteran runner
who has known her since an early age.
Live Broadcast
Special interview
Double Crown Horse Girl
An Encounter with Duramente!
And now it's time for our
special live interview!
Duramente's gonna be at
the Takarazuka Kinen?!
For real?
It's been nine months since
your unfortunate injury.
Live Broadcast
Special interview
Double Crown Horse Girl
An Encounter with Duramente!
And you demonstrated pretty clearly that
you're back by winning the Nakayama Kinen!
After that came a race in
Dubai where, despite some trouble,
you were able to challenge some
of the strongest horse girls
in Europe and come out in second place!
That's an amazing result for your first
overseas excursion, Duramente-san!
It was second place.
What's that?
It was second place. That's not amazing.
Uh, but, still...
Live Broadcast
Special interview
Double Crown Horse Girl
An Encounter with Duramente!
I believe she's saying that racing
against the finest horse girls
from Europe was a very valuable experience,
and that by winning second place,
she's feeling very confident.
I-I see...
Well, it looks like the Takarazuka Kinen
is your next choice for a race.
What kind of running do
you have in store for all
your domestic fans who are
looking forward to it?
I'll win.
Uh, well... is that all?
She's saying that she's looking forward
to putting out another dominant victory
with her further improved running.
Out of all the horse girls
who my mother has instructed,
Duramente has the most remarkable potential.
I'm sure she'll put on a
race at the Takarazuka Kinen
that will surprise all the fans.
I see. Well, I'm looking forward to it!
Now, regarding the Takarazuka Kinen,
it looks like the Kikkashou winner,
Kitasan Black,
who has improved a fair bit while you were
recuperating, will also be running.
Both of you have two G1 victories,
and this will be a battle
of the generational rivals.
Do you have any thoughts on that?
I don't care who I'm racing against.
She's saying the Takarazuka Kinen has
many talented horse girls running in it,
which is why she's really anticipating it—
These races are nothing more than stepping
stones to the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
I intend to prove that I am so superlative,
with superiority that is obvious to anyone,
that the words "strong" and
"fast" aren't sufficient.
Hey! Where are you going, Dura?!
The interview's not over yet!
I'm heading back to train, Groovy Sis.
D-Don't call me that when we're on camera!
Hey, get back here!
Uh... cut. Stop the camera!
Did you hear that bit at the end?
We'll be right back
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe...
That sounds like Duramente, all right.
This is gonna be good!
Well, that was a pretty crazy interview.
It was...
I can't believe she said all other
races are stepping stones to the
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
She did...
I mean, I get where she's coming from!
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe is one
of the biggest races in the world!
I guess that's hard to understand
if you've never run in it!
You're not gonna just take
all that, are you, Kitasan?!
She's right!
You had better not lose to that rude girl!
R-Right! I absolutely, definitely won't lose!
Or so I'd like to say, but...
Duramente-san really is strong.
Yeah...
At the Satsukishou, she was
kinda rough around the edges,
but you could feel this kinda
unfathomable strength too.
You could...
And when her talents fully came
into bloom, she dominated the Derby.
She did...
Duramente-san didn't run in the
Kikkashou or Spring Tennoushou.
I've never won against her before.
But the person she beat
was last year's Kitasan.
Am I right?
That's right! You've gotten
way stronger, Kita-chan!
You have.
You've grown a full size since then.
You're practically a different person.
You are.
Check it!
Takarazuka Kinen
Fan Vote
Kitasan Black
Bravo Day
Elegant General
All Haiyu
Seventh Queen
Duramente
You managed to defend my number one spot
in the fan vote! Well done, apprentice!
Seriously, since when is she your apprentice?
What're you gonna do if she starts
running while making stupid faces?
Eighty-two thousand votes... That's so many.
Everyone's got high hopes for you.
For Kitasan Black, who won the
Kikkashou and Spring Tennoushou.
Everyone...
Oh, what do I do? I didn't bring an umbrella.
Oh, man... oh, man.
Oh, man...
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
W-Well...
Doesn't look like it's letting up, huh?
Yeah.
I, uh... forgot my umbrella.
You too, Duramente-san?
Yeah.
I guess we're in the same boat.
So... I saw your interview.
You're pretty amazing, Duramente-san.
Saying that you'd prove your
superiority with such confidence...
You're not... scared at all?
Of like... losing, or not living
up to everyone's expectations?
I've never thought about it.
You really are amazing.
Because I have a duty.
My family has always pursued
a distant dream of taking on the
most extreme challenges.
That's in my blood.
At the end of my path of conquest
is proof that I am the strongest...
the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
My reason for being is to win there.
Even if I lose, I can't afford to hesitate.
I'm here to collect something I lost.
I was unable to run in the Kikkashou.
That's all.
I am still the strongest of my generation.
By beating the Kikkashou's winner,
I will prove that.
And then I will take on the world,
and win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Wanting to chase after a dream...
A heart that never hesitates...
Such a forthright, beautiful...
and strong person.
Duramente-san entered the Takarazuka
Kinen to race against me!
But...
I've eaten and trained a lot to
get stronger this year, too.
So I hope you don't think it'll be easy!
Who are you?
Excuse me?
Uh... do you not know who I am?
I don't.
K-Kitasan Black! I'm the
Kikkashou winner! That's me!
I see.
Duramente-san!
I'll show you the way I race!
The way that Kitasan Black, the
horse girl who'll beat you, runs!
See you at the Takarazuka Kinen!
I was totally beneath her notice!
So I'll hit her with everything I've got!
Everything that's changed
about me since last year!
Dia.
I won't let you face this alone!
The Satono jinx... next time, I'll break it!
I'll show them...
the moment that I seize a grand victory.
To my sisters!
Here they are, proud to be chosen by
fans and dedicated to their dreams.
We've got a blue sky in the early summer
here at the Hanshin Racecourse,
with 17 horse girls waiting.
It's the grand prix race that ends the first
half of the year, the Takarazuka Kinen!
And it's beginning soon!
Duramente and Kitasan Black will be colliding,
both of them having won two G1 races.
Kitasan Black was in first
place in the fan vote,
but Duramente is the favorite to win today!
It's been a year since
their last confrontation.
It should be interesting to see
how they've both grown as racers.
The course condition is
looking good and soft.
Yeah. Kitasan's power and stamina will
definitely give her an advantage.
But she's up against a real monster...
Don't get psyched out, Kitasan!
The festival girl, Kitasan Black,
and the returning monster, Duramente.
Which one will come out on top?
They run now carrying the fans' dreams,
with their own dreams of taking on the
world here at the Takarazuka Kinen!
And off they go!
There's already a fight for first place!
Kitasan Black is off to a good start.
She's in the lead and setting the pace!
Okay!
They're entering the first home stretch.
You can hear the cheers of this
crowd greeting them on their return!
Kitasan Black!
Go!
Kitasan Black is in the lead.
Fighting for second place
is number four, Two-and-Lonely,
number 10, Canon Mille-feuille,
and number five, Cheval Grand!
Duramente is towards the back of
the middle, fourth from last place.
Satono Crown is behind her as
they round the first corner!
Kitasan is on the run.
Duramente is laying in wait.
We're seeing a real contrast in their styles.
In first place, Kitasan Black
has a two-length lead.
Coming around the second corner,
they're entering a straightaway.
Second place is between number four,
Two-And-Lonely, and number 10, Canon Mille-feuille,
with number 11, Nanpo Fox on the
outside, and then Cheval Grand!
Towards the back of the
mid-section is where the monster
aiming to prey on the world,
Duramente, awaits!
Satono Crown is behind her!
They've crossed 1,000 meters in
the second lap in 59.1 seconds!
That's under a minute!
Seems kinda fast.
It does.
But...
Kitasan should be able to keep
going through to the end now.
As the race enters its second half,
will Kitasan Black be able to
stay out in front to the end?
During the Derby, I could
only see in front of me...
But now I can tell.
I can feel the others gaining on me...
And hear Duramente-san's footsteps!
Kitasan Black has the lead by one length!
But entering the fourth corner, number
16, River Light, is moving up!
While Duramente remains
in the middle of the pack!
I'm not out of breath...
my legs feel light...
I'm going to show them how I run—and win!
Now!
It's on!
And exiting the last corner,
they enter the straight!
Kitasan Black is in front
with a two-lengths lead!
Second place is number seven, Bravo Day,
with number 16, River Light, on the outside!
After them is Cheval Grand, with Satono
Crown accelerating on the far edge!
Go, Kita-chan!
Push through to the end!
There are 200 meters left!
They begin to ascend a hill!
And... here she comes!
Dashing through the pack is the monstrous
Duramente, aiming for the lead!
She's coming!
I have to stay in front!
There's Duramente! But is she struggling?!
Kitasan Black maintains her lead!
She's fast.
But I will pass her!
Kitasan Black in front!
But Duramente is barreling ever closer!
I'll prove I'm the strongest!
Who?!
River Light comes flying in!
It's River Light!
The victory doesn't go to the festival
or the monster, but to River Light!
She managed to pass Kitasan Black,
who was on the inside,
along with Duramente on the outside!
This grand prix has been won
by number 16, River Light!
I did it! I did it!
I really, really did it!
I lost again...
Duramente-san?!
Duramente-san, are you okay?
Uh... let's get you to the doctor's office...
It's fine.
But—
It's fine!
You really are amazing, Duramente-san.
You managed to pass me again.
I completely lost.
I won!
You were strong.
You forced me to run the way I did.
I thought you were just a stepping stone,
but there was a real point to this.
I'm glad I ran in this Takarazuka Kinen.
I actually won!
I'm going to get even stronger.
And next time, I will dominate you,
Kitasan Black.
Duramente-san...
Well, me too!
I'm gonna get way, way stronger, too!
And next time, I'm not
gonna lose, Duramente-san!
Nah...
I'm not gonna lose, Dura-chan!
Thank you!
Dura... chan?
Yeah! Dura-chan!
All right.
Yes!
Thanks for rooting for me!
Damn...
They were second and third place.
What could they be talking about?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm